Welcome to my project! Over the summers of 2023 and 2024, I worked as a food runner at a restaurant in Marblehead, Ma. Over these two summers, I tracked data on how many hours I worked, my tip-out, and the online tips that I got from online orders. Originally, this was a pursuit of keeping track of the money I made (and making sure that I was tipped out the correct amount). Over time, I started creating more metrics from these three variables, such as cumulative income and taxed cumulative income (you can see the spreadsheet). I also made a bunch of charts to visualize the make-up of my income. Fast-forward to taking Adv. intro. to Stats. and Data Science, I learned how to do more things with data, like hypothesis testing. I was thinking about how I could get my hands on good data to practice this new material, and I remembered that I conveniently kept data on my job for two summers. The hardest part of this was learning how to use GitHub.

One of the main features of this project is to visualize trends in the data I collected. One of these charts illustrates my totals of the night throughout both summers, faceted by day of the week. Another feature is two hypothesis tests, which aim to see if my online order tips decreased significantly from 2023 to 2024. One test used a mathematical model, and the other used simulation-based testing. With a significance level of .05, both tests failed to reject the null hypothesis with p-values just above .10. So, although it certainly didn't feel like it, there is not statistically significant evidence that suggests that my online order tips decreased from 2023 to 2024 according to my data. Although I wasn't able to prove what I wanted to prove, this was a great exercise.
